Custom multiple marker execution order (#8065)
pytest-dev/pytest: doc/en/reference.rst

    mark.args == (10, "slow")
    mark.kwargs == {"method": "thread"}

Example for using multiple custom markers:

.. code-block:: python

    @pytest.mark.timeout(10, "slow", method="thread")
    @pytest.mark.slow
    def test_function():
        ...

> Will order execution of markers from inside - out. The above example will execute @pytest.mark.slow before @pytest.mark.timeout(10, "slow", method="thread").

Reviewer: Markers themselves aren't "executed" - what changes is the result of `Node.iter_markers`. Additionally, the inline code here should be marked as such, and I think it'd be a bit more readable when not repeating the arguments of the markers - thus, I'd propose something like:

```suggestion
When :meth:`Node.iter_markers <_pytest.nodes.Node.iter_markers>` is used with multiple markers, the marker closest to the function will be iterated over first. The above example will result in ``@pytest.mark.slow`` followed by ``@pytest.mark.timeout(...)``.
```

Reviewer 2: i believe the word we are looking for is "apply"

Author: This makes perfect sense, thank you. 
In addition, I would add Node.iter_markers_with_node along with Node.iter_markers.
